docs: improved security notes (#151)
ipfs/public-gateway-checker: README.md

View the Public Gateway Checker on GitHub Pages: https://ipfs.github.io/public-gateway-checker/

[![Screenshot of Public Gateway Checker](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/157609/121194149-c612a300-c86e-11eb-99fc-b47335b573de.png)](https://ipfs.github.io/public-gateway-checker/)

## SECURITY NOTES

> - With the exception of `ipfs.io` and `dweb.link`, all gateways listed are hosted by third parties and should be treated as such.

Reviewer: We should reword this: "third parties" implies we are "1st party". How about:

```suggestion
- The list contains gateways operated by various parties, coordinated by loose mutual consensus, without a central governing authority. Protocol Labs operates and is responsible for only two of the listed gateways: `ipfs.io` and `dweb.link`.
```

- With the exception of `ipfs.io` and `dweb.link`, all gateways listed are hosted by third parties and should be treated as such.
- Gateways without origin isolation will be marked with ⚠️, indicating they are not safe for use cases that require private local storage of data or credentials. [Learn more](https://github.com/ipfs/public-gateway-checker/issues/150).

**NOTE:** With the exception of `ipfs.io` and `dweb.link`, all gateways listed are hosted by third parties and should be treated as such.

## Adding a new public gateway

> 

Reviewer 2: Thanks!
